you
- here is real it has not been edited or
enhanced it is the voice of Ruth Baxter
this voice was recorded in August 2003
Ruth Baxter died in 1987 electronic
voice phenomena EVP is the process by
which the dead to sound an image
communicate for the living through the
static and white noise of modern
electronic devices
what we've all hoped to be true is in
fact possible our loved ones can reach
us mr. rivers
you want to hear your wife
but if they can come through who else
can come through it is one thing to
contact the dead it is another thing to
meddle and you are meddling the subject
of some movies is so disturbing that
those who experience them will never be
the same again
white noise